And then people, welcome beauty to one more.
video here is on aquarium channel
beginner today, since it is the
contribution already ridden it here and now has a
change is this game that I did
here o
I do not know where I got the idea is patent
to study here
Look, this is Styrofoam and I had it.
a floating led led strip
I liked the idea, I do not know.
so here you do not have it here is to
customize this here make a gentleman
something here
but anyway it 's here I'm going to take it
I was there because I do not know, I like it
more hectic pizza one more thing goes
grow a lot if fish
The little gal , it is logical that
they will grow in the future but for
while they are very small
and I'll leave here and take the jec if
I let loose in is what goes
make a feast take away the day he has already
in a minute
I bought the thermostat here but now
had the thermostat, what happened?
yesterday I went to play here and I ended up
knocking me down with this way
delicate understood that the law overthrowing
so I went there and bought the same
thermostat I have a aquarium side
of 107 10 liters there
the same quality this is what i can
to say that it's good because doctors do not
it's been over a year and so far I have not had
No problem, so here it is.
new state
I bought too, guys. I found it a lot.
interesting
This is a thermometer, just watch it.
it is analog for vibration and
repair the second part of the aquarium has
here a clip here the quality will stay
showing I found it very cool sac 11 90
51 reais
this group said clyde gave 60 point
also
so I think it's going to stay until now.
cuter I made this, it was almost to
Sic says no
but then I thought to whatever time the jec
I thought it was cooler
unfortunately it was not all that I
hoped it's not a cute fish but hey
it's very hidden
I like something more alive in the
block more colors things understood
So I'll take the jack and then I'll go.
show you and how was the
beauty device then until the next
Video there and all the best for you there.
People said I went up to more.